so I'm not really sure why I'm doing
this I never know that after time these
days but I felt like playing something
oddball and I found this game just kind
of messing around it's not gonna be a
big series but we're gonna fuck around
with some super amazing wagon adventure
let's do this survival by the full game
I am all the Xbox I guess indie
marketplace hard to bear
hey know the plane let's do them you
face Buffalo and other dangers to unlock
it keep playing adventure yeah no I
guess I'm not doing survival then no
this destructive entry between 1830 and
1870 nearly half a million Americans
migrated West oh I couldn't read it
dermis that's fine
I'll walk mr. green hair I guess it's
all red you know what let's do that they
travel to their trusty wagon guide me
that that text is vicious I just want to
play like oddball shit I kind of got
tired of just the same old you know just
stuff the strength of the standard
completely average
all right the fantasy unlocked by magic
I don't have all right none of this shit
self-discovery is it like another term
for something else that I'm think I'm
thick enough all right fuck it we're
going James playing over here playing J
whatever the fuck it's alright
Oh God oh dear seek some animals in the
upcoming clearing they hurried ahead
they need it to stock up on food for the
long journey damn I got that oh alright
can you not hit any of these are you
kidding look at their Oh get up do
I can't move Yukos it have you learned
ah leading okay you know let me think
you get follow or shoot we're gonna
shoot that son of a bitch then it happen
time what the fuck
wait a posse of bandits are you fucking
kidding this is an amazing adventure how
do you oh shit did you see the flow oh
come on
shut the fuck out of that guy if you
played any of these caves on here to
have anything to recommend I'm not quite
I'm not like going into any of this
knowing what the fuck I'm getting into
there was another one I was actually
gonna do and say find a parking spot 60
seconds what is this
machine gun or abandoned
are you kidding it's a hospital
you know what I didn't buy it
it's a free trial or whatever all that's
dirty
this kind of reminds me of ultra-feast
how they there's that one faucet Oh Oh
what David know who David he took a
bullet to the neck did you read that
hell no
for a little game this shit is tough
little son of a bitch Andrew left the
wagon found some edibles mushrooms
all right then
he felt funny no shits it's mushroom I
knew it would fight fucking rabbits and
whatever the fuck that this daily oh
come on driven down to the wire return
to the boyega decided decided carry on
without him stay for 40 days
oh nice sandwich Tyler this is like
Oregon Trail on crack all right Adam and
abrade I didn't try to jump over the
river alternately Adam
I can't even I'm not keeping up in my a
slow reader or what
the Republican River really nice Oh
Frogger it was a lot of what what the
fuck oh come on hey you know I I don't
know if this video what the fuck
if this video does like amazing that
would be fucking hilarious I'm just like
bitch I'm just like dicking around and
one of that things say Adam into the
Great Plains all right Oh yellow Adam
came across an area the oxen feasted
the locksmith hungry dachshund seemed to
move more quickly after eating I guess
they didn't get the itis Adam came
across a large herd of buffalo how large
of a bitch the party's creator oh come
on game over son of a bitch I hope you
guys enjoy this stupid video I had a lot
of fun doing it I'm just gonna keep
doing these indie games whenever I get
bored I mean have you not seen the
selection just just to give you guys a
taste of what I could do I mean there's
just so much stuff like look look at all
this this is just a new stuff you know
story-tell mania really the flying dead
that sounds just fucking badass oh you
know what another video it has to happen
some of these have got to get done what
the fuck man avatar card I know my
avatar looks like quarantined that's a
good nice little zombie thing platformer
from hell
oh yeah alright hey well if this video
does what you expect more indie games
just for fun this not anything I could
call it a series but I love you all
thanks for watching all the likes this
stuff very much appreciated and uh yeah
see ya